
	Voodoo Shader Framework

	    Prototype Alpha


 = Contents:
 1. Summary
 2. Installation
  2.a. Core
  2.b. GEM
  2.c. NWShader
 3. Use
 4. Reporting Bugs
 5. Contact & Legal


1. Summary

The Voodoo Shader Framework is a system designed to add shader support to
various games and programs and provide a single target for shader authors,
with a full set of useful features.

It uses a set of "adapters" to connect a single core with each target 
application; each adapter specifies the exact connection details and 
implementation. The core provides a single, unified and widely compatible
base, providing unified and constant system for shaders to interface with.
The framework uses many features available in the Cg language, including 
compiling to both HLSL and GLSL (for OpenGL and DirectX compatibility), and 
a clear and concise syntax for accessing game data and textures.

2. Installation

The Voodoo system requires two main steps for installing the core. After this,
installing game adapters is made extremely simple.

2.a. Core

Installing the VSF core requires creating a directory with the appropriate
binary and resource files. These are included in the archive package in a
"bin/" directory. This must be placed in an accessible location, preferably
on the computer (network shares may or may not work, this has not been tested).
The bin directory must then be added to the system or user path environment
variable, this provides simple access from any game directory.

2.b. GEM

Installing Voodoo/GEM (the Morrowind module) is done by adding the file
"Voodoo_GEM.dll" to the VSF bin directory and placing the included "d3d8.dll"
in the Morrowind installation directory. No other files need be placed in the
Morrowind directory at this time, only the binding module (this will change in
the future).

2.c. NWShader

Installing Voodoo/NWShader (the Neverwinter Nights module) will  be done by
adding the file "Voodoo_NWS.dll" to the VSF bin directory and placing the
included "dinput.dll" in the Neverwinter Nights installation directory. This
module is not packaged with the current prototype release of Voodoo.

3. Use

Voodoo will automatically hook into the game on launch, if it is properly
installed. The Voodoo runtime will create a comprehensive log file in the
game directory. In the future, VSF will use a XML-based settings file to
specify per-game configuration. The config file will be contained in the game
directory, while external resources will be in the Voodoo directory.

Debug builds will perform significant logging, potentially slowing the game
down but providing much information. Voodoo debug modules may be used in place
of traditional video API debugging, as they are capable of intercepting both
DirectX and OpenGL calls and logging the times and parameters.

4. Reporting Bugs

Voodoo is a prototype (pre-alpha) library at this point. It undoubtedly has
bugs. If you run into a bug, please go to http://www.voodooshader.com and
report the bug on the forum or bug-tracker. This tracker will provide a single
place to report and manage bugs for the Voodoo framework and all modules.

5. Contact & Legal

To contact the developer of the Voodoo project, you can use any of the
following methods:

	Email:
		peachykeen@voodooshader.com
		peachykeen@fliggerty.com
		cx029a@live.com
	Forums:
		peachykeen at:
			social.bioware.com
			fliggerty.com
			elderscrolls.com/forums
	IRC:
		peachykeen on:
		  chatspike:
			#morrowind
			#oblivion
			#elderscrolls
			#tamriel
		  freenode:
			#ghf
		  nwn2source:
			#nwn2cr
			#projectq
	MSN:
		cx029a@live.com
	AIM:
		cx029a
	Skype:
		pkpeachykeen



Voodoo Shader Framework (c) 2010 by Sean "peachykeen" Sube, All Rights Reserved

The Voodoo Shader Project, all associated binary or object files and source
code is released under the terms and conditions specified in the document
LICENSE included with each distribution (this document contains the text
of the GNU GPL, v2.0).
